README.md, before:

# Analysis of MoNuSAC 2020 results

These are the supplementary materials for the following publication:

**Adrien Foucart, Olivier Debeir, Christine Decaestecker. 
Analysis of the MoNuSAC 2020 challenge evaluation and results: metric implementation errors. *IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging*, 2022. https://doi.org/10.1109/TMI.2022.3156023.** (Comment on the MoNuSAC 2020 article available here: https://doi.org/10.1109/TMI.2021.3085712)

All the results from the report should be reproducible using this code and the publicly released MoNuSAC2020 test set annotations & "top 5 teams" predictions maps, available here: https://monusac-2020.grand-challenge.org/Data/

The Jupyter Notebook "MoNuSAC challenge results analysis.ipynb" contains the main experiments performed for the technical report. The *result_parser.py* and *metrics_reproduction.py* file contain code that would otherwise make the notebook less readable and have therefore been put in separate files.

All correspondance related to this publication should be addressed at Adrien Foucart (adrien.foucart@ulb.be).

Commit message:

Update title + ref to author's reply

README.md, after:

# Analysis of MoNuSAC 2020 results

These are the supplementary materials for the following publication:

**Adrien Foucart, Olivier Debeir, Christine Decaestecker. 
Comments on “MoNuSAC2020: A Multi-Organ Nuclei Segmentation and Classification Challenge”. *IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging* 41 (4), 2022. https://doi.org/10.1109/TMI.2022.3156023.** (Comment on the MoNuSAC 2020 article available here: https://doi.org/10.1109/TMI.2021.3085712. Author's reply to our comments: https://doi.org/10.1109/TMI.2022.3157048)

All the results from the report should be reproducible using this code and the publicly released MoNuSAC2020 test set annotations & "top 5 teams" predictions maps, available here: https://monusac-2020.grand-challenge.org/Data/

The Jupyter Notebook "MoNuSAC challenge results analysis.ipynb" contains the main experiments performed for the technical report. The *result_parser.py* and *metrics_reproduction.py* file contain code that would otherwise make the notebook less readable and have therefore been put in separate files.

All correspondance related to this publication should be addressed at Adrien Foucart (adrien.foucart@ulb.be).
